sake:	had been done for the sake of knowledge and he had
sake:	Herrera, we assumed for the sake of argument ``that in a
sake:	happily grow them for the sake of my garden. <DOC id="NYT20000825.0173"
sake:	undergo relentless persecution for the sake of upholding deeply held beliefs
*sake:	been the hallmarks of the sake industry in the 20th century.
sake:	of our people, for the sake of other parties, too, and
sake:	and immigration facilities for the sake of business, according to Bangladeshi
sake:	and the law for the sake of their own interests,'' said
sake:	on Tuesday night. ``For the sake of our children and our
sake:	disturb ``faithful people'' for the sake of fighting fundamentalism. Yilmaz also
sake:	her sake and my mom's sake and my other sister's sake.
sake:	to gas-fueled stations for the sake of environmental protection. <DOC id="XIE20000130.0153"
sake:	do bring beer, for the sake of the rest of us
sake:	But, ``size for its own sake is not what we are
sake:	refusing all cookies for the sake of privacy. I'm more selective.
sake:	hope, really. Just for the sake of it. Sometime between 1940
*sake:	a type of fine traditional sake for which the rice is
sake:	any cost. Winning for the sake of winning. It no longer
sake:	recalled, his wife, for the sake of regaining her health, began
sake:	and mutual benefits for the sake of creating a stable environment
sake:	"seeking to expand for the sake of expansion." "There is a
sake:	added. "I hope for Ben's sake that he has done that.
*sake:	distilled pure alcohol. Junmai-shu: Additive-free sake brewed from rice with at
sake:	up data just for the sake it. Watson's former mentor, Dr.
sake:	avoid the ceremony for the sake of "national dignity", has since
sake:	themselves like allies for the sake of the regional economy. At
sake:	during the summer for the sake of luna moths and hawk
sake:	bury the hatchet for the sake of their children and the
sake:	domestic demand-led growth for the sake of Asian and global economies.
sake:	out in pairs for safety's sake in some areas, and some
sake:	every nine at-bats. For the sake of comparison, Mark McGwire has
sake:	of recruiting and for the sake of the players. White learned
sake:	technique not for its own sake but to define every role.
sake:	the country's independence for the sake of forging closer ties with
sake:	are doing so for the sake of peace.'' Absent from the
sake:	the family and for the sake of Bill we tried to
sake:	are worth enduring for the sake of the child. ``We wanted
sake:	to act -- for the sake of millions of Americans whose
sake:	glorious opera house for the sake of a New York dalliance;
sake:	with divergent views for the sake of a united nation. Anyona
sake:	scapegoats and sacrificed for the sake of a boss's career. Beyond
sake:	is a battle for the sake of God. ... Then it
sake:	I hope for Steffi Graf's sake that her father has a
sake:	vengeance. ``Punishment for its own sake is not a Christian response
*sake:	2 tablespoons sugar 2 tablespoons sake Nonstick cooking spray Vegetable oil
sake:	enough is enough. ``For the sake of all humanity, things must
sake:	for Washington; winning for the sake of winning. This is Washington's
sake:	Watler is right. For the sake of his job, indications are
sake:	of things out for the sake of preserving the film's secrets.
sake:	and say, `Look, for the sake of the party and the
sake:	find common ground for the sake of the institution, and that
sake:	taking power just for the sake of it. "It is possible
sake:	an `authentic' sound for the sake of nostalgia,'' De Simone said.
sake:	she'll continue fighting for the sake her bright, blond-haired son, Nicholas.
sake:	all this is for the sake of Russia, for the sake
sake:	soft-money donations. But for the sake of its own institutional integrity,
sake:	shouldn't do anything for the sake of peace." King Hussein hailed
*sake:	had tasted the generic hot sake served at many of the
sake:	Sinai sands, all for the sake of this moment: to see
sake:	This appropriateness is for the sake of finding (solutions) in a
sake:	temperature is questioned, for God's sake remove the animals.'' He added
sake:	market levels _ for the sake of corrupt officials who can
*sake:	growing, especially in the premium sake category, where sales rose 20
sake:	had been "flexible for the sake of the nation" on the
sake:	parents staying together for the sake of a child -- in
sake:	a new president for the sake of political and economic reforms,
sake:	a fillet. Or for the sake of efficiency, they will cook
sake:	show emotion just for the sake of showing emotion _ but
sake:	who told stories for the sake of telling stories _ to
sake:	WORDS)-AZG) Let's assume, for the sake of academic argument, that the
sake:	on and keep for the sake of tradition. Coates and Armstrong
sake:	hold the congress for the sake of national unity but relented
sake:	doctrine of martyrdom for the sake of God. The Shiites are
sake:	damage investor confidence. ``For the sake of Bank Indonesia's credibility, Sabirin
sake:	as well, more for the sake of another quick change than
sake:	bad bouts just for the sake of Lewis' keeping the titles.
sake:	work of passion for the sake of a cause is to
sake:	We've not practiced for the sake of it. We've given ourselves
sake:	too long. But for the sake of security, and to maintain
sake:	"we should mention for the sake of justice that Boutros-Ghali did
sake:	would be accepted for the sake of "Pakistans internal security and
sake:	these risky procedures for the sake of potent men, reduced body
sake:	region," but only for the sake of regional "safety and security."
sake:	who would destroy for the sake of destroying. Yet, as Grabar
sake:	a football school, for Pitino's sake -- Kentucky turns from the
sake:	``dripping with moisture for the sake of seeking out the famous
sake:	Chemerinsky said. ``And for publicity's sake it's hard for the district
sake:	and say that for the sake of normalization we will sacrifice
sake:	of all media for the sake of the Internet did not
sake:	to slack off for the sake of one another.'' --Book 'em:
sake:	to the crisis for the sake of peace and stability in
sake:	social protection system for the sake of the Maastricht criteria. Under
sake:	I did it for the sake of my art," Ng said
sake:	not doing gory for the sake of being gory. We don't
sake:	full-figured, they insisted for credibility's sake that the staff consist of
sake:	review of it "for the sake of what is to us
sake:	north, to Connecticut, for the sake of his daughters' education. He
sake:	they kill just for the sake of killing," he underscored. <DOC
sake:	the conflict just for the sake of escalation. ``We take the
sake:	Reagan did it for the sake of turning Russia into more
