sake:	of the society for the sake of their re-employment at an
sake:	sacrifice their souls for the sake of their country." <DOC id="AFE19960518.0073"
sake:	however. Making controversy for controversy's sake isn't what he's about. He
sake:	branches of government for the sake of suing,'' Cardinale said. ``And
sake:	hurt taking experience for the sake of taking experience.'' Despite that
sake:	commitment to art for art's sake and a commitment to the
*sake:	and coarsely chopped 1 cup sake 1 cup chicken stock 1
sake:	to make "sacrifices" for the sake economic stability, she said. She
sake:	stay together indefinitely for the sake of the kids, in a
sake:	to killing prostitutes for ``the sake of God.'' The killings have
sake:	to change them for the sake of pragmatic political gains. What
sake:	we must play for the sake of the game," Kottan said.
sake:	a major concession for the sake of stability, dropping a demand
sake:	of history for the future sake of the world. The forces
sake:	sacrificing your life for the sake or work. Or they believe
sake:	moral-minded will take for the sake of survival. _ Sonia Murray
sake:	to cultural issues, ``for the sake of our country.'' She writes,
sake:	murdered three accomplices for the sake of keeping their crimes secret.
sake:	seriously and effectively for the sake of our national interest," Darusman
sake:	to straighten up for the sake of the kids? Shook says
sake:	of the USE. For the sake of appearances, he is usually
sake:	purchase of grain for the sake of farmers. He served concurrently
sake:	the project solely for the sake of the damages he could
sake:	swept the region. ``For the sake of the Japanese standard of
*sake:	needed. COLD-SAKE (Undated) _ The sake secret is out: it doesn't
sake:	pace for 60. For the sake of comparison, Griffey also had
sake:	and not just for the sake of using it, said an
sake:	have been suspended. For the sake of public confidence in government,
sake:	of the nation for the sake of the development of the
sake:	off illegal narcotics for the sake of their unborn child. ``This
sake:	in a nutshell. For the sake of expediency, this progressive New
sake:	exist not just for the sake of newness. As Lieutenant Pinkerton,
sake:	INC. RESEARCH, purely for the sake of research, has little meaning
sake:	``You don't change for the sake of change,'' Philip Shearer, general
sake:	for recorded segments for the sake of flow and to match
sake:	of that training for the sake of Killian. She has forgone
sake:	this large task for your sake and the sake of your
sake:	with many dangers. For the sake of the well-being of Indonesia's
*sake:	of soy sauce plus the sake and the ginger root. Toss
sake:	show up just for the sake of showing up. Obviously, we're
*sake:	cucumber, unpeeled. 1. Combine the sake and vodka in cocktail shaker
sake:	the natural world for the sake of convenience and embarking on
sake:	may be terror for the sake of terror to create chaos
sake:	they once hoped. For the sake of balancing the budget, they
sake:	Sherer, Aqua's wine director, put sake on the wine list about
sake:	exploit a tragedy for the sake of a cheap laugh''? _
sake:	use their consciences for the sake of the nation, according to
sake:	next farm bill for the sake of free-market principles and a
sake:	not ruin it for the sake of a set of disputed
sake:	into a job for the sake of having one, so that
sake:	his sake and for the sake of his club," Lemerre said.
sake:	television partner would, for the sake of enhancement, pick Orlando over
sake:	with Saudi Arabia for the sake of security and stability in
sake:	the 1947 attack, "for the sake of propriety." Analysts said the
sake:	or Texaco, just for the sake of getting bigger. ``We will
sake:	stuck it out for the sake of their adoring public? Instead
sake:	take their swings for the sake of the team. ``We have
sake:	want to die for the sake of our God.'' Under an
sake:	adopt the bill for the sake of what he called "
sake:	including Theo Fleury, for the sake of pulling together cash to
sake:	prepared to die for the sake of tens of thousands of
sake:	should be executed ``for the sake of Pamela Carpenter.'' In contrast,
sake:	other country's laws for the sake of enforcing its own,'' Zedillo
sake:	carried out merely for the sake of getting hold of more
sake:	``adamantly opposes authority.'' ``For the sake of peace and well-being of
sake:	use all resources for the sake of political ability and social
sake:	an armed robber for the sake of 1,000 dollars he had
sake:	is forcing something for the sake of appearing clever. ``There's a
sake:	omitted the apostrophe for the sake of a wordplay, ``Wake'' serving
sake:	book rooms just for the sake of booking rooms. ``What we're
sake:	eat less fat for the sake of their hearts and their
sake:	restrain our behavior for the sake of the Americans after all
sake:	be put aside for the sake of peace. ``He's trying,'' is
sake:	maintain their dynamism for the sake of democracy. The leadership of
sake:	the interior ministry for the sake of national unity. But residents
sake:	perennial Lombardi booster. ``For his sake and his family, it's a
sake:	the United States ``for the sake of a Frenchman who is
sake:	at great risk for the sake of his employee. Reinhart shrugged
sake:	on March 20 for the sake of protecting Russia's economic interests
sake:	to Key West for the sake of my relationship,'' said Peterson,
sake:	an upstanding life for the sake of his young son and
sake:	the memory not for the sake of the moment, but because
sake:	stab at it, for the sake of, you know, filling out
sake:	better be soon for the sake of cultural heritage, said Peter
sake:	Knicks, if only for the sake of dollars and Zen. The
sake:	themselves look dowdy for the sake of realism that it's kinda
sake:	good relations for its own sake and that of the region's
sake:	Court _ would consider that sake of argument pretty safe.) So,
sake:	they had defected for the sake of peace and national reconciliation.
sake:	as martyrs ... for the sake of this nation and preserving
sake:	other countries' laws for the sake of enforcing its own,'' he
sake:	feet wide. ``Just for the sake of the listening world,'' the
sake:	For themselves and for the sake of their sport. <DOC id="NYT19980429.0519"
sake:	we believe that for the sake of peace it's worth taking
sake:	prove its concern for the sake of mankind, the Akurat said.
sake:	an appointed body for the sake of commercial ties with China.
sake:	to stay together for the sake of the kids. If we
sake:	turn state's evidence for the sake of his children, aged 11
*sake:	RM64++ per person, includes Japanese sake and a party pack. For
sake:	the Chinese people, for the sake of rapid development, badly need
sake:	development there." "Therefore, for the sake of realizing the common progress
sake:	public to sacrifice for the sake of the country. However as
sake:	more money, less corruption for sake of BEIJING (AP) Stressing China's
sake:	of my box, for the sake of educational boasting, and maybe
sake:	without any preconditions for the sake of peace and stability in
sake:	the BBC reported. "For the sake of some more talking and
sake:	we will sacrifice for the sake of Saddam Hussein.'' This was
sake:	not assured. ``Negotiations for the sake of negotiations only help to
sake:	abuse for years for the sake of keeping a father in
sake:	fake a truce for the sake of their kids after a
sake:	to change scenery for the sake of fresh legs strictly a
sake:	today, but also for the sake of the generations to come.
sake:	a flight just for the sake of publicity, then we will
sake:	removing them all for the sake of peace, Koizumi appeared to
sake:	the Kashmir dispute for the sake of lasting peace in the
sake:	into other forms for the sake of a comic moment. (Any
sake:	to murder people for the sake of murdering people. That's exactly
sake:	George W. Bush, for heaven's sake _ but a mild and
sake:	Beach. But sometimes, for the sake of an international flight or
sake:	hope it's not, for the sake of the game of basketball.''
sake:	Finance Ministry for its own sake -- as a nice landing
sake:	told it is for the sake of the company. Now you
*sake:	the saloons are stocked with sake and Sapporo beer, cafe menus
sake:	who calls himself, for the sake of brevity, HHH. HHH and
sake:	resistant. ``I write for the sake of the pleasure, for the
sake:	go on trying for the sake of the Japanese people,'' he
sake:	pointed out that for the sake of peace and national reconciliation,
sake:	sense of accountability, for the sake of the game. ``I guess
sake:	prophecies; his rap for rap's sake lives up to its own
sake:	the delay was ``for the sake of spin.'' However, district officials
sake:	song was written for the sake of my own healing, and
sake:	something different just for the sake of it.'' The five-year-old garden,
sake:	one jerk tendency. For the sake of the family and for
sake:	the international community for the sake of the people of Kosovo,''
sake:	built up for De Niro's sake as a convenient counterpoint to
sake:	acquire companies just for the sake of deals. Cisco's goal is
sake:	on December 7-9 for the sake of European unity and effectiveness.
sake:	and Tom O'Neill, for goodness sake _ is publicly denouncing Law's
sake:	a narrative, experimentation for the sake of experimentation. But a majority
sake:	the Cyprus problem "for the sake of the people who live
sake:	kill each other for the sake of certain political interest. "Religion
sake:	launched the war "for the sake of self-defence" and it is
sake:	the difficult move for the sake of Wayne and his brother
sake:	some vast differences for the sake of the soon-to-arrive baby. ``Fools
sake:	dazzling, but murk for the sake of murk is not. Similarly,
sake:	drama series, and for God's sake don't give her a bathroom
sake:	with my husband for the sake of the children,'' Roberts said.
sake:	``it was only for the sake of saying we know it's
sake:	the composer's work for the sake of popular acceptance. A master
sake:	a desperate country. For the sake of our electronic toys, guerrillas
sake:	the West Bank ``for the sake of Palestinians and Israelis alike.''
sake:	he said. And, for the sake of its advertisers, ABC may
sake:	should sit down for the sake of his present well-being and
sake:	including military force, for the sake of international unity. UN-IRAQ. Has
sake:	preserving that power for the sake of the people?'' Last month,
sake:	from both sides for the sake of the peace process which
sake:	its national interest for the sake of joining the new World
sake:	toward drug dealers. For the sake of the protection of society,
sake:	our minds now for the sake of short-term popularity,'' the treasury
sake:	She also stayed for the sake of her weaker sisters. ``For
sake:	an actor's safety for the sake of reality. If a filmmaker
sake:	when we fought for your sake in the face of the
sake:	should be released for the sake of the victims' families and
sake:	A fight simply for the sake of a fight means nothing,
sake:	put aside partisanship for the sake of our weakened economy, it
sake:	FRANCISCO (BC-WORKINGCOOK-SF CHRON) For variety's sake I try not to feature
sake:	obvious plot devices for the sake of the big-hearted, hopeful outlook
sake:	celebrate lavishly for the children's sake while secretly mourning their loss.
sake:	Commerce. "Devaluation for its own sake is not competitiveness," said Chan,"
sake:	take care of, for the sake of their own interest,'' he
sake:	word meaning learning for the sake of learning, was launched by
sake:	don't want meetings for the sake of meetings. No more, no
sake:	of summer's arrival. But, for sake of convenience in record keeping,
sake:	thousands of children for the sake of a process, not for
sake:	this his motto for the sake of honor and well-wishing to
sake:	`God is Great,' for the sake of our dead, but to
sake:	forsaking the past for the sake of the future. ``I'm one
sake:	sake of Russia, for the sake of making your lives worthy
sake:	of taxpayers and for the sake of the American consumers, fix
sake:	back 40 just for the sake of doing it,'' Ferrier said.
sake:	negotiating the treaty for the sake of someone else," by eagerly
sake:	United States. These notes make sake come to life. It is
sake:	his national championship, for goodness' sake (BC-TEN-DAVIS-RAFTER-BOS) Patrick Rafter had dolefully
sake:	the Chinese government for the sake of an early treaty," Sha
sake:	had been opened for the sake of development of tourism and
sake:	was to assume for the sake of the hearing that she
sake:	... And tonight, for the sake of our unity as a
sake:	only two murders for the sake of expediency. Dates for both
sake:	team's appealing concept for the sake of winning proved virtually fruitless.
sake:	must be improved for the sake of competitiveness,'' Kinnock told a
sake:	is usually done for the sake of a journalist's ambition under
sake:	presidential election was for the sake of the party itself. "It
sake:	reason, not just for the sake of tradition,'' the spokesman said.
sake:	people of Bangladesh for the sake of mother tongue. Sheikh Hasina
sake:	the Mideast conflict for the sake of the children GENEVA (AP)
sake:	being adversarial for its own sake is not part of his
sake:	son, Mike _ for whose sake Brazil ostensibly turned down previous
sake:	on diplomatic principles for the sake of preserving relations," he added.
sake:	of Quinn brothers: For the sake of our children, was a
sake:	putting bickering aside for the sake of our children,'' McCain said.
sake:	girls to die for the sake of Hong Kong or Taiwan
sake:	of Commerce says, 'For God's sake don't talk about it. We
sake:	racial body count for the sake of diversity. ``These schools have
sake:	raising income taxes for the sake of keeping ``no-new-taxes'' pledges made
sake:	changed his mind for the sake of the common good. "I
sake:	have come here for the sake of peace. ... We're for
sake:	them to divorce for the sake of the monarchy.Once again Charles
sake:	these books just for the sake of it. If I can't
sake:	watching movement for its own sake should head for the Brooklyn
sake:	the city administration for the sake of the citizens' welfare and
sake:	opposition leaders for the country's sake AP Photo NAI101 NAIROBI, Kenya
sake:	defend its currency for the sake of the domestic economy. A
sake:	are well regulated for the sake of their reputations." Zhang said
sake:	up this earth for the sake of God." ends <DOC id="AFE20011227.0582"
sake:	be doing something for the sake of the country?'' Chaisith asked.
sake:	hearing syntax manhandled for the sake of rhyme or meter; if
sake:	which began producing Momokawa premium sake for the American market on
sake:	stand toward it for the sake of Arab solidarity and said
sake:	with Buckingham Palace for the sake of her daughters, princesses Beatrice
sake:	is certainly needed, for the sake both of justice and of
sake:	had to drink for the sake of peace at the border,'`
sake:	a game analyst for the sake of ratings when it has
sake:	it in stride ``for the sake of future generations.'' Ryutaro Hashimoto
sake:	with it just for the sake of fulfilling the ambition of
sake:	break those pledges for the sake of higher profits. Beijing city
sake:	of the country and the sake of our standing in the
sake:	the Cyprus issue for the sake of being declared a candidate
*sake:	Korean barbecued salmon ($28.95). Wahso's sake martini is promoted as the
sake:	to increase output for the sake of market stability,'' the official
sake:	funds, the Israelis for the sake of their friend President Clinton.
*sake:	oil 3 tablespoons rice wine, sake or dry sherry 3 tablespoons
sake:	day campaign headquarters for the sake of the radio interviews. What
sake:	than signing just for the sake of appearances,'' Mitrofanov, who heads
sake:	``it was important for the sake of regional stability and international
sake:	priests or deacons. For the sake of due process, the accused
sake:	shots and glory for the sake of Payton and the team.
sake:	the very end for the sake of the Kingdom of God.''
sake:	``If we could, for the sake of argument, press a button
sake:	... so, for our own sake and the sake of our
sake:	itself this time for the sake of itself as well as
sake:	go there just for the sake of the two countries.'' <DOC
sake:	Indian forces and for the sake of future generations." As for
sake:	cutting and changing for the sake of our children. ``Our goals
sake:	Dumb idea. But for the sake of debate, let's thank Dole
sake:	left it untouched for the sake of pharmaceutical companies' profits," he
sake:	its neighboring countries for the sake of peace, stability, cooperation and
sake:	accept the offer for the sake of restoring peace ... in
sake:	stopped by for old times' sake _ and of course for
sake:	his own life, for the sake of his idea of freedom
sake:	Cheney contends that for the sake of political correctness, history focusing
*sake:	flavored with garlic, ginger, lemongrass, sake and Indonesian soy sauce. The
sake:	to be sacrificed for the sake of political ideology." He accused
*sake:	the local version of Japanese sake used for rituals and traditionally
sake:	interested in speed for the sake of speed... We don't want
sake:	China and work for the sake of democracy. People like Wang
sake:	the marathon just for the sake of running and finished the
sake:	process had succeeded for the sake of both Israelis and Palestinians,''
sake:	to show that for the sake of health and longevity and
sake:	the medical report for the sake of ``transparency and fairness.'' But
sake:	doesn't schedule meetings for the sake of scheduling meetings,'' one administration
sake:	says is purely for the sake of defense. The tension on
sake:	But let's assume for the sake of argument that the judge's
sake:	for their sake and the sake of global financial stability." <DOC
sake:	as an example. For the sake of the healthy growth of
sake:	them directly before for the sake of the (Kashmiri separatist) movement,"
sake:	the number just for the sake of that call. But many
sake:	hardships," she said. "For the sake of our children, please lift
sake:	competitiveness. "Devaluation for its own sake is not competitiveness," he said
sake:	Jenin not just for the sake of the peace process but
sake:	false identities, all for the sake of romantically pursuing Cecily Cardew
sake:	premise is accepted for the sake of argument, the result nevertheless
sake:	our financial statements for the sake of transparency, but it should
sake:	comfort were sacrificed for the sake of ideology. The largest plant
sake:	of our children, for the sake of our communities ... the
sake:	of the CPC. For the sake of invigorating the Chinese nation
sake:	a standard-height sink. (For the sake of convenience, they usually eat
sake:	do my best for the sake of the party and the
sake:	not be exploited for the sake of scientific gain,'' the draft
sake:	sought principally for its own sake or to help Zain. This
sake:	proving that art for art's sake is giving way to art
sake:	_ if only for the sake of appearance. If you seem
sake:	of the House and the sake of the delegation, he thought
sake:	thrown in just for the sake of making game more difficult.
sake:	you avoid that for the sake of creating a work that's
sake:	call a truce for the sake of the party. "The main
sake:	decision is also for the sake of the future European common
sake:	are endless, but for the sake of sanity, let's just say
sake:	have to go, for the sake of nature as a whole.
sake:	of the news for the sake of national security.'' Center spokesman
sake:	firmly believing that, for the sake of fairness, this event should
sake:	not so much for the sake of vacationers as to aid
sake:	Arab-Israeli conflict, not for the sake of Arabs at all, but
sake:	understanding and peace for the sake of the country's future." The
sake:	of internal conflict for the sake of sustained economic development. The
sake:	familiar early version for the sake of interest and for the
sake:	the year before. For the sake of argument, he said, let's
sake:	stake, some just for the sake of competing, that give anglers
sake:	a big-arena setting. For the sake of statistical posterity, of course,
sake:	time that for my soul's sake I had to write about
sake:	debt of Uganda for the sake of development of the country's
sake:	application is largely for the sake of business efficiencies,'' said Gordon
sake:	want change just for the sake of change itself, but the
sake:	want to sacrifice for the sake of opening the route to
sake:	righteously dumps him for the sake of her kids. This doesn't
sake:	and acid-free tissue for the sake of history. At least, that
sake:	would be done for the sake of improving efficiency, not in
sake:	staging. If flash for flash's sake is what Broadway is requiring
*sake:	in early New England, the sake barrel is a symbol of
sake:	Ledbetter was exaggerating for the sake of emphasis: His point is
*sake:	Beverage Co., is building a sake brewery in Forest Grove, 24
sake:	the restructuring process. For the sake of the urban poor, many
sake:	a second agency for the sake of taking on conflicting accounts
sake:	say this openly for the sake of our country,'' Djiteng said.
sake:	other countries' laws for the sake of enforcing its own.'' But
sake:	had knifed himself ``for the sake of our son who is
sake:	must work together for the sake of the nation's sports development,''
*sake:	is education. Knowing whether the sake you're drinking is a ginjo-shu
sake:	Fort Worth, either for the sake of her career or that
sake:	can topple this government for sake of nation's future we should,''
sake:	my World Cup for the sake of 8OO francs (130 dollars),"
sake:	Son was opened for the sake of border trade, not for
sake:	with their treasures for the sake of ``Picasso: the Great Series,''
sake:	but not ``just for the sake of it; you can make
*sake:	nearby tent, other protesters sipped sake by a fire to fight
sake:	12 years ago for the sake of her husband. ``There were
sake:	U.S. foreign policy for the sake of the present. Bordeaux port
sake:	be widely promoted for the sake of the people's health. Efforts
sake:	program not only for the sake of implementation. We will not
sake:	new rules just for the sake of changing something -- instead
sake:	accept the deal for the sake of relations between NATO and
*sake:	establishment in the country where sake is the primary focus and
sake:	he exerted (there) for the sake of the Palestinian people," Arafat
sake:	shorter- term results for the sake of longer-term expansions. Oh, and
sake:	run for reelection "for the sake of Taiwan." China staged one
sake:	Islamic principles even for the sake of unity with bin Laden.
sake:	ties this year for the sake of the monarchy and their
*sake:	his customers by offering a sake with one course of the
sake:	Rahim Sajan runs for the sake of science. At the University
sake:	for their devotion for the sake of peace, national reconciliation and
sake:	leave their homes for the sake of properties. The volcano came
sake:	don't run them for the sake of the noise, exactly, but
sake:	for our sake, his family's sake and his own sake. This
sake:	our membership just for the sake of getting new members,'' Stern
sake:	holding their breath for the sake of European membership, Prodi's partners
sake:	reactivating Arab solidarity for the sake of the Arab nation. Arafat's
sake:	and economic disturbances for the sake of culture and society.'' <DOC
sake:	to develop machines for the sake of thinking,'' Doretti said. Founded
sake:	Central America. But for Haiti's sake and his own, Aristide must
sake:	prepared to accept for the sake of security. More screening at
sake:	neglect, not only for the sake of Afghanistan, but for our
sake:	not ignore them for the sake of a promise of joining
sake:	the city, too. For the sake of all, here are 10
sake:	among those with particularly notable sake lists: Azie, 826 Folsom St.
sake:	in place, just for the sake of continuity,'' Bush said. Despite
sake:	the non-communist parties for the sake of improving the CPC's policy
sake:	sacntions on Iraq for the sake of the children. "At the
sake:	amendment were removed for the sake of compromise, ``then we couldn't
sake:	hand in hand for the sake of national interests," she told
sake:	sex and flesh for the sake of it; she's expressing her
sake:	sizable Arab city for the sake of a few dozen Jewish
sake:	forsake one's femininity for the sake of one's position.'' ``You see
sake:	rekindle their relationship for the sake of their children. ``Me and
sake:	rights. ``I hope for the sake of our country and our
sake:	yet lives. Sacrifice for others' sake continues to exist -- and
sake:	weather could continue for the sake of his team. "The weather
sake:	off new gizmos for the sake of new gizmos,'' said David
sake:	not in it for the sake of ``fitness,'' and that they
sake:	the stoppage, commenting: "For the sake of a football match, mass
sake:	troubled banks fail for the sake of the financial system's health.
sake:	of Brcko unresolved. For the sake of an overall peace that
sake:	their summer highs. For the sake of the island's 14,000 year-round
sake:	through extensive traumas for the sake of a joke about a
sake:	of the past for the sake of the future. This millennial
sake:	should be prosecuted for the sake of "accountability". "Let us reiterate
sake:	of your family, for the sake of your children, please surrender
sake:	and television appearances. For the sake of a satirical election campaign
sake:	and taking measures for the sake of the least developed countries
sake:	Delhi did it for the sake of equal representation between the
sake:	with Pakistan over Kashmir for sake of NEW DELHI, India (AP)
sake:	a national ban for the sake of uniformity, said Dan Mullin,
sake:	sanctions on Iraq for the sake of children. The cards are
sake:	security but also for the sake of their own benefit. Zhang
sake:	been tailored more for the sake of those who would be
sake:	even her children, for the sake of the affair. In a
sake:	don't age wine for the sake of aging it,'' says Narsai
sake:	with their situation for the sake of peace, not only in
sake:	the special holiday, for the sake of peace and democracy, to
*sake:	package is that it's old sake in a new bottle. The
sake:	to the inhabitants. ``For the sake of their own interests, they
sake:	_ the Rams, for goodness sake _ are in first place
sake:	before the election for the sake of the party. Cook, on
sake:	are marking history for the sake of their children. They are
sake:	of Australian families for the sake of ambition and fleeting notoriety,''
*sake:	me his vases, teapots and sake cups in the adjoining shop,
sake:	will do it for the sake of club or country. I
sake:	When asked if, for the sake of peace, she would agree
sake:	Monday. ``I'm worried for the sake of my party. If you
sake:	offering his resignation ``for the sake of unity in the party''
sake:	Musical sound for its own sake gradually encroached, and libretto writing
sake:	``I just hope for the sake of Ato Boldon and Maurice
sake:	bombard two countries for the sake of one single person?'' he
sake:	of their freedoms for the sake of money and power. Liberals
sake:	calling for self-restraint for the sake of the deep-rooted historical ties
sake:	at least briefly, for the sake of sanity. Being in a
sake:	we passed around fish and sake as communion,'' said Shusaku Yamakawa,
sake:	can do so for the sake of its own security and
*sake:	in seminars on subjects like sake and haiku. Clark Wolf, a
sake:	vote was taken "for the sake of an internal election campaign
sake:	of Asia and for the sake of the world.'' Yet the
sake:	or maybe even for the sake of the person being criticized.
sake:	resume their marriage for the sake of their children's happiness. She
sake:	appointed crown prince. For the sake of stability, and out of
sake:	process is not for the sake of their own interests, but
sake:	the rumor-mongering, but for the sake of national unity would not
sake:	solving the problem for the sake of the nation and people.
sake:	to sue HMOs, for heaven's sake _ and government regulation of
sake:	of perpetrators, but for the sake of the nation as a
sake:	oppose the divorce for the sake of the couples' two children,
sake:	``stretch the truth'' for the sake of a sale. Sometimes the
sake:	voluntarily step down for the sake of principle, Gingrich professed to
sake:	those primitive emotions for the sake of softening us up, enraging
sake:	differences with Sudan for the sake of Arab unity. "We are
sake:	of the body for the sake of the nation and of
sake:	best-selling popular fiction. For the sake of Asia and the global
sake:	China renames everything for the sake of better transliteration or the
sake:	X X X For the sake of her three children, Sharon
sake:	our corporate help, for their sake and ours. Those millions are
sake:	to pull together for the sake of Cape Town's bid to
*sake:	touches of red, old kettles, sake bottles and fragile fans decorated
sake:	something through just for the sake of saying we pushed it
sake:	were otherwise, but for the sake of Middle East peace and
sake:	her private life for the sake of her latest movie, a
sake:	Christianity, but penance for the sake of penance is nonsense. A
sake:	the court just for the sake of taking the court. I'm
sake:	abbot said Tuesday. ``For the sake of the temple's peace, I
sake:	broaden their horizons for the sake of peace. "I believe very
sake:	him, Armstrong said, ``for the sake of the sport. It's bad
sake:	share the burden for the sake of national interest is an
sake:	stalemate. If only for the sake of pressing ahead with worthwhile
sake:	dropped the suit for the sake of ``national interest''. Probosutedjo defied
sake:	go with Carter for the sake of a youth movement. ``We
sake:	that are negotiations for the sake of negotiations only help to
sake:	who do art for the sake of art, they wouldn't care
sake:	that company and for the sake of everyone else is for
sake:	has been ignored for the sake of freedom under President Khatami,''
sake:	has taught him for the sake of pronunciation. Some children are
sake:	an unhappy marriage for the sake of her money. Following that
sake:	only for my own family's sake but also ... at this
sake:	things in neutral for the sake of reaching the masses, then
sake:	each other but for the sake of business they'll merge.'' Business
sake:	that's a tradeoff for the sake of reality. In fact, reality
sake:	the country was for safety's sake while the United States and
sake:	to all children. "For the sake of the nation's long-term interests,
sake:	Indonesia, both for its own sake and for its neighbors, needs
sake:	abandoned beauty for its own sake and took on a wonderful
sake:	good faith prevail for the sake of all Liberians." "We are
sake:	a gleaming intensity; for the sake of acoustical evenness, the entire
sake:	imagine playing soft for the sake of friendship, even one with
sake:	the people and for the sake of the nation. The prime
sake:	moral-minded will take for the sake of survival. MORE <DOC id="NYT19970122.0096"
sake:	amateurism, to sports for the sake of promoting fitness and health
sake:	the estate tax for the sake of the rich. What has
sake:	make an apology for apology's sake at a time when two
sake:	airport to close for the sake of safety. Shenyang Taoxian International
sake:	rewrite history and, for the sake of oversimplification, assume that music
sake:	do things just for the sake of technology.'' As the institute
sake:	be best "for their own sake and for the sake of
sake:	attacking its neighbors. For the sake of the region, its peoples,
sake:	and settling disputes for the sake of safeguarding and developing a
sake:	that balance just for the sake of maturity. Otherwise, we're going
sake:	a prime-time audience for the sake of money and 15 fleeting
sake:	for Luxottica. For the sheer sake of being different, Armani exploited
sake:	the Internet just for the sake of anonymous relationships. One Super
sake:	of the city for the sake of the city itself. In
sake:	Sydor? Maybe, just for the sake of shaking up the status
sake:	granted, that's why for the sake of peace and order, for
sake:	as taking risks for the sake of peace. Meanwhile, an IRA
sake:	say this, just for the sake of the record: Cal Ripken?
sake:	at the criticism. "For God's sake it's all our responsibility for
sake:	Lien's desk, saying: ``For the sake of Taipei's traffic, I don't
sake:	of the players, for the sake of the manager, it's time
sake:	I feel that, for the sake of myself and my family,
sake:	not a pusher for the sake of pushing,'' Rhodes said in
sake:	keep the name for the sake of tradition but lose ol'
sake:	hiding the truth for the sake of friendships. The movie made
sake:	and prosperous China for the sake of regional stability, opportunities for
sake:	fight the allegations for the sake of saving his department. At
sake:	not just criticizing for the sake of criticizing. After a long
sake:	will inevitably surface. For the sake of speed, get a cable
sake:	delay the case for the sake of delay.'' It is unlikely
sake:	agreement from 1995. For the sake of an overall peace that
sake:	first Japanese firm to brew sake outside Japan. They said Konishi,
sake:	a love life for the sake of career advancement. Her bogus
sake:	pictures: Tight editing for the sake of aesthetic focus went out
sake:	to pay it for the sake of the nation,'' Tarakinikini said.
sake:	or suitable area for the sake of the future of the
sake:	change of heart for the sake of the Independence Day. However,
sake:	to have been for the sake of the star's ego _
sake:	Japanese, selfless sacrifice for the sake of many people,'' Kato said.
sake:	war crimes, both for the sake of peace. A three-month cease-fire
sake:	turn around just for the sake of switching.'' The unbeaten Aggies
sake:	of humanity and for the sake of the future Russian-Belarusian union,''
sake:	we'll consider it for the sake of the children.'' Despite such
sake:	taken significant risks for the sake of peace, he wrote. Those
sake:	to remain upbeat for the sake of their children and their
sake:	the move is for the sake of its own dealers, which
sake:	bomber who fights for the sake of God, he walks in
sake:	who practiced deception for deception's sake (Hilary Swank, ``Boys Don't Cry'');
sake:	in July 1995 for the sake of the couple's two children,
sake:	the state commissions. ``For the sake of boxing, this is the
sake:	Israel's worst enemies. ``For the sake of employment, we, the state
sake:	wiggling bug larvae for the sake of her group. She endured
sake:	their children. So for the sake of those who did have
sake:	the Chinese nation for the sake of advancing his own personal
sake:	economic betterment and for the sake of parliamentary democracy, I hope
sake:	copywriters departed agencies for the sake of independence, freelancers seeking temporary
sake:	both for the aquarium's own sake and to recruit advocates for
sake:	themselves, not only for the sake of the Bosnians but for
sake:	insist that thrills for the sake of thrills are not enough.
sake:	most complicated issue". For the sake of the younger generation and
sake:	to step down for the sake of national unity. Gen. Wiranto
sake:	Both agree that for the sake of the environment they must
sake:	our shareholders just for the sake of making a deal,'' said
sake:	female role model for tokenism's sake would flirt with dishonesty. Even
sake:	most controversial policies for the sake of a stable government. Those
sake:	to exist for its own sake as well, the act gave
sake:	to the inquisitors for the sake of our salvation. ``The Grand
sake:	And ``it's only for the sake of tax cuts for the
sake:	fighter Muhyiaddin Sharif for the sake of the Zionist enemy,'' the
*sake:	bottle will not keep. NIGORI sake is filtered through coarse cloth
sake:	to be done? For the sake of the people and this
*sake:	popular menu item is miso sake marinated Chilean sea bass served
sake:	with teammates just for the sake of hanging out is necessary.
sake:	those seeking power for the sake of it, Moi said, noting
sake:	of the drug for the sake of comparison. In a trial
sake:	100th anniversary only for the sake of completeness, in order to
sake:	into my mind. For the sake of one day, you'd get
sake:	country isn't just for the sake of box office. ``We expose
*sake:	Americans ask me how healthy sake is,'' Omichi said. ``I think
*sake:	into thin matchsticks 3 tablespoons sake 2 teaspoons mirin (see note)
sake:	and constitute argument for the sake of argument." <DOC id="AFE19960926.0018" type="story"
sake:	begin negotiations now for the sake of her successor. She could
sake:	ignoring human rights for the sake of increased trade. Clinton was
sake:	Citians to join for the sake of increasing the local component.
sake:	would gather only for the sake of a democratic Ukrainian idea.''
sake:	both countries and for the sake of world peace and development
sake:	3G network simply for the sake of doing so," he said.
sake:	1996. "Go, depart, for heaven's sake leave this chair," BJP's Jaswant
sake:	of the region for the sake of the Hong Kong people
sake:	Czech-born NHL players for the sake of maintaining a cohesive edge.
sake:	to step down for the sake of national unity. Harmoko, accompanied
sake:	the company, which also produces sake in Japan and, since March,
sake:	as ``a ploy for the sake of military buildup.'' He estimated
sake:	come back. So for the sake of the country, we should
sake:	to be identified. "For the sake of unity, we should consult
sake:	recent military maneuvers for the sake of the on-going U.N.-led proximity
sake:	heaven's sake, and for the sake of your own family and
sake:	lesson: ``Don't diversify for the sake of diversification.'' You get the
sake:	and it decided for consistency's sake to make the same writeoff
sake:	rush him back for the sake of a few wins. I
sake:	his immediate resignation for the sake of future fair elections and
sake:	leaders to sacrifice for the sake of the nation which was
sake:	until further notice for the sake of "national unity". The Ezzedine
sake:	was doing it for the sake of the doctor.'' Lagat was
sake:	own sake, or for the sake of society. There is no
sake:	to fire myself for the sake of my stock.'' Now, according
sake:	children's sake, and for the sake of America, keep fighting, keep
sake:	and sometimes sacrificed for the sake of favored clients. In a
sake:	is then held." "For the sake of the people of Ireland
sake:	the country and for the sake of our standing in the
sake:	children were used for the sake of science. The parents say
sake:	termed Muslim-owned land for the sake of local tourism. ``Tourism at
sake:	are short-changing patients for the sake of higher profits. The quality
*sake:	thing missing was sushi and sake on the lounge menu. Hideo
sake:	_ not played for the sake of a ribboned coat, Or
sake:	than making changes for the sake of change. They are the
sake:	have held back for the sake of appearing even-handed. <DOC id="NYT19951221.0258"
sake:	War, saying that ``for the sake of fairness alone these armed
sake:	across the hall. For the sake of order, O'Connor chose to
sake:	to release him for the sake of their unborn child after
sake:	to step down for the sake of the Serbian people.'' According
sake:	they have made for the sake of the relationship.'' Catherine Cohan,
sake:	to move forward for the sake of both the Palestinians and
sake:	be invited too for the sake of balance. However, the conference
sake:	almost of ideas for the sake of ideas,'' Shure said. ``You
sake:	to skating's popularity for the sake of marketing, but they are
sake:	of economic growth for the sake of modest reductions in inflation.
sake:	of a child for the sake of political expediency.'' Richard Lessner,
sake:	believe in practising for the sake of appearances.'' Illingworth defended 26-year-old
sake:	position of censor for the sake of political expediency. ``Everyone rejects
sake:	Richardson choose $100,000 for the sake of argument. But what kind
sake:	litigation. But settlement for settlement's sake would be pointless. We could
sake:	once or twice for the sake of your career _ and
sake:	decision was made for the sake of security reasons and "to
sake:	voted for him for the sake of continuity. ``The most important
sake:	really into aerobics for the sake of cardiovascular fitness, we wouldn't
*sake:	cup soy sauce 2 tablespoons sake wine or cooking sherry, optional
sake:	just to refinance for the sake of refinancing, I'm not sure
sake:	NBA coaching victories, for heaven's sake _ the Wilkens image is
sake:	the computer just for the sake of using it. Back in
sake:	and nasty things for the sake of some good,'' he said
*sake:	was barred from selling domestic sake at large stores open for
sake:	you more ways.'' For the sake of conserving space, let's simply
sake:	under any conditions for Israel's sake _ is a blot on
sake:	with a divorce. "For the sake of the monarchy as an
sake:	_ not only for the sake of keeping busy, but to
sake:	citizen to vote for the sake of sacred, unyielding adherence to
sake:	honest people working for the sake of humanity to save the
sake:	from their compound for the sake of discipline and security at
sake:	a decision just for the sake of balancing the budget. <DOC
sake:	urged its support for the sake of the communion's unity. African
*sake:	tablespoons Chinese rice wine or sake To make marinade, combine ingredients
sake:	resume their seats "for the sake of the country." Nasim said
sake:	that are untrue for the sake of sensationalism, which I found
sake:	to move forward for the sake of peace and unity in
sake:	development and planning for the sake of the welfare of the
sake:	seek power for its own sake rather than for larger goals.
sake:	those who fought for freedom's sake in Vietnam. "I am proud
sake:	look at ToysRUs.com for the sake of comparison. ToysRUs did not
sake:	nonsense is this? For the sake of the people who came
sake:	checks and balances for the sake of fighting radical groups, inflation,
sake:	won't do it for the sake of groups that they think
*sake:	to have a sip of sake and watch Dustin Hoffman, Robin
sake:	$5 million.'' Manning, for the sake of unfair comparison, never lived
sake:	"to show goodwill for the sake of stabilization of the republic
sake:	the trio's disappearance. ``For the sake of her grandchildren and supporters
sake:	his political opponents for the sake of the economy. "At Christmas
sake:	Ventura, Minnesota's governor. For argument's sake and sheer American dream appeal,
sake:	willing to die for the sake of stopping that erosion or
sake:	prepared to compromise, for the sake of a continuity that cannot
sake:	a generous guffaw for the sake of their friendship, musing, ``Who
sake:	one week early for the sake of something called sorority sisterhood.
sake:	run into deficit for the sake of funding essential projects, such
sake:	he added that for the sake of complete certainty toxicological examinations
sake:	is pulled back for the sake of the federation ... but
sake:	clarify his remarks for the sake of the aid workers. A
sake:	committed the crime for the sake of money." He added: "Now
sake:	have exploited. But for the sake of press freedom around the
sake:	one Taiwan,' but for the sake of survival and development of
sake:	Morning Herald who, for the sake of local color, takes him
*sake:	basis in its ``mirin'' sweet sake seasoning, the Nihon Keizai newspaper
sake:	of Republican policies, for the sake of self-survival. ``By the end
sake:	inconveniences of retro-tech for the sake of its fragile pleasures. It
*sake:	a full measure, and the sake sipped from a corner. But
sake:	South Asian subcontinent. ``For heavens sake go and sign the CTBT
sake:	does not construct for the sake of construction but adds value
sake:	are valuable for their own sake and, often, for the way
sake:	buying the shares for the sake of financial sector stability. On
sake:	its own prestige just for sake of enrollment expansion, Zhang added.
sake:	Xinhua chief to stand `for sake of HK' baby sung ASIA
*sake:	(BC-ASAHI-SAKE (GENERAL)) That bottle of sake on the shelf at the
sake:	joined the majority for the sake of consensus on the council,
sake:	have been resolved for the sake of some clause in a
sake:	can't play just for the sake of playing cricket, you have
sake:	fact with fiction for the sake of better drama. That is
sake:	``You're there grieving for Kim's sake and you have other issues
sake:	be that way. For the sake of the nation, I will
sake:	NATO air strikes for the sake of safety and security. An
sake:	die, I die for the sake of God.'' ``I will go
*sake:	The son of a provincial sake brewer, Kanemaru was elected to
sake:	to tourists. If, for the sake of nationalism, a new name
sake:	"the resistance is for the sake of Lebanon and we never
sake:	limit consumer rights for the sake of a myth that businesses
sake:	sense, not for their own sake but because what goes around
sake:	will come up for the sake of Hong Kong football," he
sake:	Israel gives up for the sake of peace, the surer the
sake:	the banner of "for your sake Jerusalem". "You are the leaders
sake:	might do it for the sake of the movie, not for
sake:	should stay home ``for the sake of public order.'' Franco Carraro,
sake:	be cut simply for the sake of cutting. Cutting costs may
sake:	animals and plants for the sake of enriching the globe's food
sake:	if it's change for the sake of change. So go ahead.
sake:	past peacekeeping operations for the sake of salvaging its credibility, in
sake:	an early d4 for the sake of quiet development. The advance
sake:	designation to be for the sake of tourism development, with tourism
sake:	that scrolled past. For comparison's sake I tried to do a
sake:	use their consciences for the sake of the nation. ---- ISLAMABAD
sake:	is not only for the sake of the interests of other
sake:	for full implementation for the sake of the parties and the
sake:	God, you who for our sake desired to become a son
sake:	use another pitcher for the sake of comparison. Knoblauch described what
sake:	welfare, not just for the sake of the Pacific and Asian
*sake:	Village have floats made with sake and additions like black tapioca
sake:	on the pavement for the sake of tourists, and only a
sake:	a frying pan, for Pete's sake _ not a fragile microchip
sake:	accepts that shift for the sake of the president's re-election, guessing
sake:	easing that pressure for the sake of America's military ambitions, I
sake:	idea. --Staying together for the sake of the cats. I heard
sake:	trust and interaction for the sake of peace and security, not
sake:	through and _ for the sake of the locals _ how
sake:	war with Pakistan for the sake of striking the group it
sake:	sailed too close for safety's sake to the floating inferno. It
sake:	hope the leadership, for the sake of the nation, will examine
sake:	the staggering economy. "For the sake of American workers, let's pass
sake:	collecting material things for the sake of collecting material things. He's
sake:	harness-racing history, all for the sake of the children. That is
sake:	only for my own family's sake but also.. at this critical
sake:	country to country for the sake of her life and art.
sake:	people who die for the sake of religion are in paradise.''
sake:	not do anything for the sake of a particular individual that
sake:	too long, merely for the sake of appearances. Butler wouldn't allow
sake:	to give money for the sake of giving, without expecting anything
sake:	should trickle in, for the sake of social progress. ``Weird Like
sake:	League, where playing for the sake of playing is replaced with
sake:	_ not for its own sake but to actually make some
sake:	don't walk just for the sake of walking. Every walk has
sake:	millions of victims for the sake of preserving Rakhmonov's ambitions,'' Khudoberdyev
sake:	focused on change for the sake of change that other issues
sake:	privacy and luxuries for the sake of the greater good. In
sake:	their own ambitions for the sake of the team. That's what
sake:	blockade the market for the sake of local interests, the president
sake:	presidents also said, for the sake of regional stability, they would
sake:	stretching the truth for the sake of a good story. Harper
sake:	him in place for the sake of continuity and that is
sake:	foundation raising money for the sake of Jerusalem, said the OIC
sake:	file cases, just for the sake of statistics, if we aren't
sake:	to have advance for the sake of television ratings and others
sake:	debate must continue for the sake of Israeli democracy, but it
sake:	Allendoefer said. ``Punishment for punishment sake is currently part of our
sake:	common Arab action for the sake of a just and comprehensive
sake:	and another, which for the sake of simplification or because of
sake:	vote against impeachment. ``For the sake of the nation, I ask
sake:	male as victim, for Pete's sake -- is reprehensible or not.
sake:	of a marriage for the sake of the children. Roosevelt chose
sake:	"core group approach" for the sake of viability and efficiency. The
sake:	his players just for the sake of it, including Gascoigne. ``From
sake:	the kidnappers "but for the sake of our future strategy I
sake:	us stop it for the sake of credibility, for the sake
*sake:	my meal I drank a sake sampler, three small glasses, dry,
sake:	do not need dialogue for sake of dialogue. We do not
sake:	destroy the state for the sake of their ambitions,'' he said,
sake:	sheer sound for its own sake was at the top. First
sake:	resume bilateral relations for the sake of peace in the region.
sake:	Tinkering with bird for money's sake leaves bad taste in mouth
sake:	won't ignore abuses for the sake of increased trade. Slug Clinton-Asia.
sake:	in place, just for the sake of continuity. And that's when
sake:	on the poor for the sake of honoring their ideological war
sake:	debate between retaliation for the sake of demonstrating resolve and a
sake:	peace, not only for the sake of the Palestinian people, but
sake:	a song just for the sake of having a hit because
sake:	putting off elections for the sake of national stability, although so
sake:	Union itself and for the sake of the promotion and protection
sake:	state-owned enterprises merely for the sake of GATT negotiations, an official
sake:	a U.S. missile. ``For the sake of truth and honesty, when
sake:	down inflation woes for the sake of elections,'' said Thomas Chien,
sake:	process at risk for the sake of the Hebron settlers. In
sake:	of Western civilians for the sake of killing,'' Abu Hamza told
sake:	to manage just for the sake of managing. Texas is still
sake:	own sake and for the sake of needing to be seen
sake:	are stripped away for the sake of raw effect. So many
sake:	secrets, however, even for the sake of family- or self-preservation, we
*sake:	like woks, decorative chopsticks and sake sets. African American couples are
sake:	hope, for the Open organizers' sake and the punters, that he
sake:	up their pens for the sake of the public good. <DOC
sake:	and cruel sanctions for the sake of causing more harm to
sake:	"most important issue for the sake of stability of the financial
sake:	issue of Guatemala for the sake of defending the "UN Charter"
sake:	their children away for the sake of freedom. But that was
sake:	balance in surplus. For the sake of the Japanese people, as
sake:	go straight away for the sake of my country and the
sake:	accept the outcome for the sake of national unity. In a
sake:	to stay together for the sake of the children, was getting
sake:	to the industry. For the sake of investors, let's hope so.
sake:	and mortar attacks, for the sake of "national unity." The appeal
sake:	to be named, for the sake of her 5-year-old son's privacy,
sake:	our own sake, for the sake of our children, for the
sake:	multimedia format for its own sake is a waste of megabytes.
sake:	(At least the increasingly weird-for-weird's sake - and last year's winner
sake:	the pen simply for the sake of having one? Or is
sake:	the summer, more for the sake of the fish than the
sake:	days but for the kids' sake we have to come out,''
sake:	of one another for the sake of our children and your
sake:	the ad asks. ``For the sake of our children, vote to
sake:	waste of paper for the sake of packaging. Some publishers, to
sake:	constitutes ``a partner'' for the sake of cohabitation? Esseks contended that
sake:	achieving a consensus for the sake of ensuring rapid economic development
sake:	have to hope, for the sake of all the Heathers and
sake:	quite as authentic for nostalgia's sake as the current Mustang. It
sake:	`Girl 6,' just for the sake of spending more, but that
sake:	into environmental wraps for the sake of the political election cycle.''
sake:	the highest level for the sake of continuity in the peace
sake:	the third inning, for the sake of balance on the slick
sake:	Safety was sacrificed for the sake of productivity of the 767
sake:	to cut benefits for the sake of cutting benefits,'' he said.
sake:	losing the money for the sake of becoming that much bigger
sake:	the two peoples for the sake of peace, stability, cooperation and
sake:	a long-term stability for the sake of the interests and wishes
sake:	(Whatever they're called, for safety's sake please don't use them when
sake:	needs on hold for the sake of your child. But this
*sake:	popcorn with your drink. ``Cold sake and spicy squid go down
sake:	the property just for the sake of cleanliness. If Superfund is
sake:	not into battle, for the sake of expedience, Karolevitz said. Only
sake:	other Serb territories for the sake of safety although the Muslim
sake:	of diesel taxis for the sake of the tourism industry and
sake:	the price here, for the sake of a neat design. Dwight
sake:	attack these people for the sake of attacking,'' said the Rev.
sake:	moral-minded will take for the sake of survival. Grade: B+ MORE
sake:	to join forces for the sake of being bigger. It is
sake:	sacrifice good taste for the sake of victory. ``They're all right,''
sake:	for JonBenet's sake, for the sake of the next child this
sake:	this illegal act for the sake of Thailand," said Paitoon, who
sake:	get people in for the sake of it. We want quality.
sake:	about using entertainment for the sake of luring people to Torah.''
sake:	I'd sacrifice them for the sake of God,'' Farhat says in
sake:	executed the deals "for the sake of the company." according to
sake:	compromise my conscience for the sake of party unity," adding that
sake:	of the time for ``the sake of continuity of our government.''
sake:	group. . .'' For the sake of history, if not for
sake:	Assad's position -- for the sake of a deal with Israel.
sake:	30 percent of the nation's sake is produced in the Kobe
sake:	the work rolls, for the sake of all New Yorkers, but
sake:	to work together for the sake of the nation; it should
sake:	leaders Wednesday that for the sake of South Korea's foundering economy,
sake:	the Tibetan Plateau. For the sake of persecuted minorities everywhere and
sake:	that the government, for the sake of national interest, not hound
sake:	of nuclear tests for the sake of its national security. --
sake:	managers make changes for the sake of making changes _ to
sake:	meeting is not for the sake of the meeting. It is
sake:	make a trade for the sake of making a trade. ``We
sake:	To move out for the sake of the program was a
sake:	the paper (and, for the sake of my job security, you
sake:	isn't good enough for the sake of justice and human decency.
sake:	to live for her own sake _ not just for her
sake:	environmental protection measures for the sake of profits. ``They're for the
sake:	they were voting for the sake of democracy and the good
sake:	limit that right for the sake of a symbol? And how
sake:	for your sake and the sake of others like you, I
sake:	and processing power for the sake of reduced size and attractive
sake:	and pasted photographs for the sake of nonsense. Andy Warhol lined
sake:	voluntarily identify themselves for the sake of their fellow-players. SARFU spokesman
sake:	``This is box-moving for the sake of box-moving,'' she said. <DOC
sake:	Iran's regional interests. For the sake of Iran's future and US
sake:	get a name for the sake of the name doesn't make
sake:	dinner. Tax (6 percent) and sake (about 5) are extra. _
sake:	NEW DELHI: Saturday. ``For the sake of clarity of the relationship
sake:	in the war for the sake of peace, international efforts should
sake:	more governmental attention for the sake of technical innovation and an
sake:	contemporary eminences, apparently for the sake of verisimilitude. Henry strikes up
sake:	(U.N.) Charter provisions for the sake of their narrow national interests,"
sake:	get into mischief for the sake of excitement or just to
sake:	forgive past wrongs for the sake of political convenience. The Romanian
sake:	the contradictory variety for the sake of coherent simplicity. Television can
sake:	ask some adjustment for the sake of security. <DOC id="XIE19991217.0006" type="story"
sake:	car tip just for the sake of a good story, with
sake:	joy of competition for competition's sake _ didn't include getting the
sake:	highest bidder solely for the sake of privatization." It added: "This
sake:	he's doing.'' ``Perfection for perfection's sake is terrible,'' Young says. ``But
sake:	encouraged to work for the sake of the greater good. "They
sake:	world did more for the sake of working people.'' Stalin's monuments
sake:	who take bribes, for the sake of over 200,000 good officers.
sake:	of my life for the sake of China's democratization. It appears
sake:	``I believe that, for the sake of understanding, think of two
sake:	to be corrected for the sake of efficiency. The government has
sake:	must face reality for the sake of our wildlife's future, and
sake:	this person lost for the sake of freedom,'' Boris Nemtsov, head
sake:	Let's suppose just for argument's sake it turns out that first
sake:	strict smoking rules for the sake of passengers' health. The airline
sake:	and defeated Prohibition, for heaven's sake _ lust for these mannequins?
sake:	the Arab League for the sake of its preservation. "Arabs should
sake:	balance. It is for the sake of the farmers. But there
sake:	forces withdraw immediately for the sake of maintaining Turkish-Arab relations. <DOC
sake:	sake, but chiefly for the sake of the civilian population that
sake:	in the future, for the sake of the new generations,'' the
sake:	a little civility for the sake of the children.'' (STORY CAN
sake:	offices were closed for the sake of the staff's safety. It
*sake:	tapas; Asia de Cuba offers sake alongside wine and cocktails to
sake:	their authority for its own sake and the new-breed players who
sake:	the nation, or for the sake of our daughters' future,'' Ihromi
sake:	destroying the economy for Israel's sake and termed him a "traitor."
sake:	They build mosques for the sake of getting votes, not for
sake:	drive safely for their own sake and for the sake of
sake:	and counter violence. For the sake of both the Palestinian and
sake:	make changes certainly for the sake of making changes. But as
sake:	for the presidency for the sake of the nation. The campaign
sake:	made the withdrawal for the sake of the country's unity while
sake:	chance of "communique for the sake of communique." As far as
sake:	just hope for the players' sake on the team now, they
sake:	aren't playing games for games' sake yet. We're still in it
sake:	drink. ``Most Americans think that sake is something that is only
sake:	shouldn't stay together for the sake of the children. Now some
*sake:	fruity, silky nuances. But with sake _ a drink that has
sake:	Tobacco and Firearms? For the sake of the credibility of the
sake:	more arms dealers for the sake of arms control following the
sake:	swifter democratic change. ``For the sake of human rights, we oppose
sake:	being turned down ``for the sake of public order ... especially
sake:	must hear _ for the sake of their mental health, or
sake:	were making sacrifices for the sake of the nation, speculators and
sake:	peaceful regional environment for the sake of our national development," Alatas
sake:	for market share for the sake of it without being profitable
sake:	ways to bend for the sake of stability and commerce. That's
sake:	doing this solely for the sake of the graduates and their
sake:	must be made for the sake of national stability. ``There needs
sake:	also vegetables. ``Besides, for the sake of the green movement, the
sake:	are different just for the sake of being different, says spa
sake:	sacrifice of realism for the sake of intellectual musing, so be
sake:	our responsibility -- for the sake of children everywhere -- to
sake:	have the abilities for the sake of self-enjoyment; his abilities _
sake:	ask the authority, for the sake of Jerusalem, to halt negotiations
sake:	in making changes for the sake of making a change,'' Mahathir
sake:	question of merging for the sake of merging. We are always
